added note about exchange email location (#1003)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/compliance/dlp-microsoft-teams.md

5. On the **Choose locations** tab, keep the default setting of all locations, or select **Let me choose specific locations**, and then choose **Next**.<br/>If you chose specific locations, select them for your DLP policy, and then choose **Next**.<br/>![DLP policy locations](media/dlp-teams-selectlocationsnewpolicy.png)<br/>
    > [!NOTE]
    > If you want to make sure documents that contain sensitive information are not shared inappropriately, make sure **SharePoint sites** and **OneDrive accounts** are turned on, along with **Teams chat and channel messages**.

>     > Channels in Microsoft Teams are stongly depend on Exchange Online functionality. Make sure that **Exchange email** location is also enabled for the policies that should be applied for the content of the channels.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > Channels in Microsoft Teams are strongly dependent on Exchange Online functionality. Make sure that **Exchange email** location is also enabled for the policies that should be applied for the content of the channels.  
```
